HttpURLConnection (#2976) - fix getResponseCode handled exceptions (#3024)
elastic/apm-agent-java: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

* Fix for inferred spans where the parent id was also a child id - {pull}2686[#2686]
* Fix context propagation for async 7.x and 8.x Elasticsearch clients - {pull}3015[#3015]
* Fix exceptions filtering based on <<config-ignore-exceptions>> when those are <<config-unnest-exceptions, nested>> - {pull}3025[#3025]

> * Fix for `HttpUrlConnection.getResponseCode` capturing an exception, also internally already handled - {pull}3024[#3024]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix usage of `HttpUrlConnection.getResponseCode()` causing an error event due to exception capturing, even when it is internally handled - {pull}3024[#3024]
```
